Login OIDC (#173)
epinio/docs: docs/explanations/security.md

How Kubernetes accesses the Epinio registry (TLS or not) is handled a bit differently depending on installation flags.
More details here: [Epinio Registry](../explanations/advanced.md#container-registry).

### OIDC

> Since `v1.3.0` Epinio adds [Dex](https://dexidp.io/) as identity provider, adding supports for external OIDC providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version **1.3.0**, Epinio has integrated [Dex](https://dexidp.io/) as an identity provider which adds the support for external OIDC providers.
```

> To authenticate through it you can use the login command with the `--oidc` flag. This will open a web page where you can authenticate with the configured providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate through Dex, you can use the login command with the `--oidc` flag. This will open a web page where you can authenticate with the configured providers.
```
